come on rick we're almost there
leave me morty it's the only way
what were we are we blades in that one
that's tight
stay with me i'm i'm scared morty i can
see the end
oh god there's nothing i know i always
said that but oh god there's really
nothing
i'm sorry morty i'm a silly man i'm a
silly small man
i wasted it all i'm i'm sorry i got you
into this
but how about i get us out of this
hello hey jessica it's morty from school
oh hey morty
what's up um i just want to say that
you're really great i know the timing
never really worked out with us but
you're really great and i wish i got to
know you better oh
i mean that's a lot oh uh yeah sorry i
guess i just no
i just wish you said it sooner what yeah
i mean
you never really said anything to me
which always put me in a weird position
because i didn't want to assume or
whatever being nervous is sort of
selfish sometimes you know
yeah that's a great point well what are
you doing tonight tonight
yeah do you like want to watch a movie
or something um yeah
tonight sounds great great see you later
morty
bye holy [ __ ] i want to live
[ __ ] death i want to live
oh where where are we
home right where we belong no seriously
morty where the [ __ ] are we
i don't i don't know the ocean the ocean
the ocean on earth uh yeah i guess so
[ __ ]
holy [ __ ] we have to go we have to go
right now you touched the ocean morty
oh [ __ ] what
richard you have desecrated the sacred
treaty betwixt land and
sea now face the wrath of your once and
eternal foe
mr nimbus sorry who the [ __ ] is that
my nemesis what my nemesis okay
okay but what was his name again i am mr
nimbus he's gonna say that a lot
you